I like to drink five pairs of craft brews
Of course, it needs to be stored for a long time at home.
If you like it
I'll give you a box each.
More than one bottle
Xiao Wuji, you're talking nonsense again
I think you probably stole this wine
That's right, just him
I think you probably stole it
Impossible except for the Promise Temple
Owners of this wine are all located in the dome
Each bottle of wine is extremely well protected
It's inaccessible to ordinary people
Otherwise, I read it right.
The hero must be the dragon and phoenix among the people
Identity is unattainable higher than you
Maybe even go to me to feed
He's the only one who lives on women
What a big shot
Even if you come to carry my shoes
I think he's useless
Although Brother Gu has a high position of power
But it depends on the person.
Still not working.
Just let us look up
Don't talk about others
Just say Zifeng
Everything Zifeng has now
I'm afraid Xiao Wuji won't be able to raise the flag for the rest of his life, right?
I am Gu Qing
Don't stay at home with these
A person who is domineering outside by a man
Waste of tongue
They can't see 1/10,000 of yours.
Xiao Wuji, I have endured you for a long time
Your skin appears repeatedly
If it weren't for Brother Gu's face
I'm useless
I don't think anyone is in the mood for this meal today
Waiter pays